MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

WINDOWS VISTA SERVICE PACK 1

Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you 
live, one of its affiliates) licenses this 
supplement to you. If you are licensed to use 
Windows Vista (the 'software'), you may use 
this supplement. You may not use it if you do 
not have a license for the software. You may 
use a copy of this supplement with each 
validly licensed copy of the software.

The following license terms describe 
additional terms for the software. These 
terms and the license terms for the software 
apply to your use of the supplement. If there 
is a conflict, these supplemental license 
terms apply. The changes include:

 details about the number of service 
connections available

 additional information about the 
activation and validation functions of the 
software, which determine whether the 
software is counterfeit, improperly licensed 
or a non-genuine Windows product

 additional privacy disclosures about 
Internet-based services

 description of rights for academic and 
specific-geographic software

 availability of a digital proof of license

This list highlights some of the changes. 
The terms below govern your use of the 
software.

By using this supplement, you accept these 
terms. If you do not accept them, do not use 
this supplement.

If you comply with these license terms, you 
have the rights below.

1. ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR 
USE RIGHTS.

a. Windows Vista Ultimate, Business, and 
Home Premium. For these three editions, you 
may allow up to 10 other devices to connect 
to the software installed on the licensed 
device to use File Services, Print Services, 
Internet Information Services and Internet 
Connection Sharing and Telephony Services. 
However, you may not exceed a total of 10 
connections at one time.

b. Windows Vista Home Basic. For this 
edition, you may allow up to 5 other devices 
to connect to the software installed on the 
licensed device to use File Services, Print 
Services, Internet Information Services and 
Internet Connection Sharing and Telephony 
Services. However, you may not exceed a total 
of 5 connections at one time.

2. MANDATORY ACTIVATION.

 Activation associates the use of the 
software with a specific device. During 
activation, the software will send 
information about the software and the device 
to Microsoft. This information includes the 
version, language and product key of the 
software, the Internet protocol address of 
the device, and information derived from the 
hardware configuration of the device. For 
more information, see http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?Linkid=96549. By using the 
software, you consent to the transmission of 
this information. If properly licensed, you 
have the right to use the version of the 
software installed during the installation 
process up to the time permitted for 
activation. Unless the software is activated, 
you have no right to use the software after 
the time permitted for activation. This is to 
prevent its unlicensed use. You are not 
permitted to bypass or circumvent activation. 
If the device is connected to the Internet, 
the software may automatically connect to 
Microsoft for activation. You can also 
activate the software manually by Internet or 
telephone. If you do so, Internet and 
telephone service charges may apply. Some 
changes to your computer components or the 
software may require you to reactivate the 
software. The software will remind you to 
activate it until you do.

3. VALIDATION.

 a. Validation verifies that the software 
has been activated and is properly licensed. 
It also verifies that no unauthorized changes 
have been made to the validation, licensing, 
or activation functions of the software. 
Validation may also check for certain 
malicious or unauthorized software related to 
such unauthorized changes. A validation check 
confirming that you are properly licensed 
permits you to continue to use the software, 
certain features of the software or to obtain 
additional benefits. You are not permitted to 
circumvent validation. This is to prevent 
unlicensed use of the software. For more 
information, see http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?Linkid=96550.

 b. The software will from time to time 
perform a validation check of the software. 
The check may be initiated by the software or 
Microsoft. To enable the activation function 
and validation checks, the software may from 
time to time require updates or additional 
downloads of the validation, licensing or 
activation functions of the software. The 
updates or downloads are required for the 
proper functioning of the software and may be 
downloaded and installed without further 
notice to you. These updates and downloads 
may be delivered to you through the Windows 
Update service (if you use the service) or 
through other means. During or after a 
validation check, the software may send 
information about the software, the device 
and the results of the validation check to 
Microsoft. This information includes, for 
example, the version and product key of the 
software, any unauthorized changes made to 
the validation, licensing or activation 
functions of the software, any related 
malicious or unauthorized software found and 
the Internet protocol address of the device. 
Microsoft does not use the information to 
identify or contact you. By using the 
software, you consent to the transmission of 
this information. For more information about 
validation and what is sent during or after a 
validation check, see http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?Linkid=96551.

 c. If, after a validation check, the 
software is found to be counterfeit, 
improperly licensed, a non-genuine Windows 
product, or include unauthorized changes, the 
functionality and experience of using the 
software will be affected, for example:

 Microsoft may

 repair the software, remove, quarantine or 
disable any unauthorized changes that may 
interfere with the proper use of the software,
including circumvention of the activation or 
validation functions of the software, or

 check and remove malicious or unauthorized 
software known to be related to such 
unauthorized changes, or

 provide notices that the software is 
improperly licensed or a non-genuine Windows 
product

 and you may

 receive reminders to obtain a properly 
licensed copy of the software, or

 need to follow Microsoft's instructions to 
be licensed to use the software and 
reactivate,

and you may not be able to

 use or continue to use the software or 
some of the features of the software, or

 obtain certain updates or upgrades from 
Microsoft

d. You may only obtain updates or upgrades 
for the software from Microsoft or authorized 
sources. For more information on obtaining 
updates from authorized sources see http://go.
microsoft.com/fwlink/?Linkid=96552.

4. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. Microsoft 
provides Internet-based services with the 
software. It may change or cancel them at any 
time. The following are in addition to the 
Windows Vista license terms.

a. Consent for Internet-Based Services. The 
software features described below and in the 
Windows Vista Privacy Statement connect to 
Microsoft or service provider computer 
systems over the Internet. In some cases, you 
will not receive a separate notice when they 
connect. You may switch off these features or 
not use them. For more information about 
these features, see the Windows Vista Privacy 
Statement at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?
Linkid=96553. By using these features, you 
consent to the transmission of this 
information. Microsoft does not use the 
information to identify or contact you.

Computer Information. The following features 
use Internet protocols, which send to the 
appropriate systems computer information, 
such as your Internet protocol address, the 
type of operating system, browser and name 
and version of the software you are using, 
and the language code of the device where you 
installed the software. Microsoft uses this 
information to make the Internet-based 
services available to you.

 Plug and Play. You may connect new 
hardware to your device. Your device may not 
have the drivers needed to communicate with 
that hardware. If so, the update feature of 
the software can obtain the correct driver 
from Microsoft and install it on your device. 
An administrator can disable this update 
feature. 

 Windows Update. To enable the proper 
functioning of the Windows Update service in 
the software (if you use it), updates or 
downloads to the Windows Update service will 
be required from time to time and downloaded 
and installed without further notice to you.

5. ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE. You must be a 
'Qualified Educational User' to use software 
marked as 'Academic Edition' or 'AE.' If you 
do not know whether you are a Qualified 
Educational User, visit www.microsoft.
com/education or contact the Microsoft 
affiliate serving your country.

6. GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS. If the software 
is marked as requiring activation in a 
specific geographic region, then you are only 
permitted to activate this software in the 
geographic region indicated on the software 
packaging. You may not be able to activate 
the software outside of that region. For 
further information on geographic 
restrictions, visit http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?LinkId=99189. 

7. PROOF OF LICENSE.

 a. Genuine Proof of License. If you 
acquired the software on a disc or other 
media, a genuine Microsoft proof of license 
label with a genuine copy of the software 
identifies licensed software. To be valid, 
this label must appear on Microsoft packaging.
If you receive the label separately, it is 
invalid. You should keep the packaging that 
has the label on it to prove that you are 
licensed to use the software.

 b. Windows Anytime Upgrade License. If you 
upgrade the software using Windows Anytime 
Upgrade, your proof of license is identified 
by

  the genuine Microsoft proof of license 
label for the software you upgraded from, and

  the genuine Microsoft proof of purchase 
label from the Windows Anytime Upgrade Kit 
you used to upgrade

c. Online Purchase Digital License. If you 
purchased the software online from a 
Microsoft approved digital license seller, 
your proof of license is identified by a 
digital license stored in the digital locker 
at Windows Marketplace.

 d. To identify genuine Microsoft software, 
see http://www.howtotell.com.

EULAID:VistaSP1_R1.0_Upgrade_RTL_en-US